M.O.R.E.L. is a set of code developments I authored to create and manage Mobile, Open and Resilient Electronic Libraries. These constitute my portfolio of Digital Humanities (D.H.) which I have created in parallel to my academic and teaching obligations in my first three years at Notre Dame. For this I have relied on workshops offered by the [Navari Center](https://cds.library.nd.edu/), and the [Notre Dame Initiative on Race and Resilience](https://raceandresilience.nd.edu/), which funded the development of the second electronic library developed by M.O.R.E.L.: the site Escritores Afrolatinoamericanos en Traducción (EsAlT), which can be viewed at this [link](https://aquamarine-basbousa-841893.netlify.app/) in its trial version.

M.O.R.E.L. makes the work for the creation of new electronic libraries —such as EsAlT— exponentially more efficient. This allows me to develop in the span of one semester a library that will contribute to the promotion of our program. It is what I propose to call Libros en Español de Dominio Público (LEDoP). It is a service that will offer access to the downloads of reliable and classic public domain editions in Spanish, organized in a dynamic, interactive and visually appealing way, as is the case in the M.O.R.E.L.'s pilot library, [morel.la](https://morel.la/). 

The initial list of works will be defined by bibliographies of books published by professors of our department, which will appear in the library as "aggregators". A provisional list can be seen in this [link](https://febr3s.github.io/ledop/list.html). There will be approximately 350 public domain titles, in LEDoP, related to the publications of the professors who reference them. 

The list will be open to incorporate as "aggregators" professors from allied programs and departments, thus promoting the network articulation of a resource of common interest for the D.H. in Spanish. For this reason, part of the product that I offer is an administrator's manual for the platform, with which other students interested in the D.H. in our program will have the option to continue the project in future semesters. Furthermore, I believe this is a project in which I could work during a hypothetical +1 year in Notre Dame.
